howdy folks it's Tyler from active e and
this week I've got Kiwis at the top of
my shopping list let me tell you why but
first I'm going to talk a little bit
about Kiwi history so the kiwi fruit or
Chinese gooseberry is an edible berry
that grows on woody vines known as
acting IDIA native to China the fuzzy
kiwi fruit called yang Tao was
transported to New Zealand by
missionaries during the early 20th
century during World War two American
servicemen stationed there popularized
the juicy berries so much that by 1962
New Zealand growers began referring to
it officially as kiwi fruit and
California importers introduced kiwi to
the US market now Kiwi grows in about 60
different species but you're probably
most familiar with the brown fuzzy
skinned fruit with its vibrant green
flesh and black edible seeds today large
commercial Kiwi crops grow in Chile
France Japan New Zealand and the United
States so let's talk about health the
health and nutritional benefits of Kiwis
are many starting with vitamin C that's
right move over citrus because 1/4 ounce
Kiwi is jam-packed with more vitamin C
than the average orange a bit surprising
wouldn't you say according to the US
Department of Agriculture's national
nutrient database the Kiwi is often
overlooked as a rich source of
antioxidants flavonoids and carotenoids
which offer DNA protection against
inflammatory conditions like
osteoarthritis asthma rheumatoid
arthritis and even colon cancer so
research also shows that enjoying Kiwi
is a delicious way to protect your heart
snacking on a few kiwi fruit each day
provides enough dietary fiber to help
significantly lower cholesterol levels
on top of that you'll reduce harmful
triglyceride fats in your blood lower
the risk of blood clots and reduce the
risk of heart attack and stroke that's
massive now on to the culinary side of
things the sweet tropical and creamy
consistency of the kiwi fruit adds
dramatic flair to any fruit salad or
yogurt parfait however my favorite way
to enjoy Kiwi is to slice one in half
and just scoop out the juicy green flesh
with a spoon done just keep in mind that
a Kiwi should be eaten soon after you
cut it because the enzymes were thin act
as a food tenderizer which can leave you
with the software mushy fruit to pluck a
perfectly ripe Kiwi at the grocery store
gently
press the fruit between your forefinger
and thumb the sweet is ready to eat
fruits should bounce back ever so
slightly you can also purchase firm Kiwi
and speed ripen them by storing them in
a paper bag along with a banana always
store at room temperature away from heat
and direct sunlight so now it's your
turn
do you do Kiwi add your voice in the
comments and tell us why this delicious
little fruit is an important part of
your diet if you enjoyed this video feel
free to subscribe and share we'd love to
have you as part of the active beat team
until next time